[CIAPP] Improve 'Test in containers' page (#11087)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/setup_tests/containers.md

kind: documentation
---

> If you run your tests inside a container that you launch yourself within the build (for example, using [`docker run`][1] or [`docker-compose`][2]), forward the following environment variables to the container depending on your CI provider, so the Datadog tracer can autodetect the build information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run your tests inside a container that you launch yourself within the build (for example, using [`docker run`][1] or [`docker-compose`][2]), forward the following environment variables to the container depending on your CI provider. This enables the Datadog tracer to autodetect the build information.
```

> Additionally, you need to pass in the environment variables required to configure the tracer as described in the [per-language test instrumentation instructions][3] (such as `DD_SERVICE`, `DD_ENV` and a valid `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL` that is accessible from within the container).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you need to pass in the environment variables required to configure the tracer as described in the [per-language test instrumentation instructions][3] (such as `DD_SERVICE`, `DD_ENV`, and a valid `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL` that is accessible from within the container).
```

{{< tabs >}}

> {{% tab "Appveyor" %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% tab "AppVeyor" %}}
```

- `APPVEYOR_REPO_TAG_NAME`
- `APPVEYOR_PULL_REQUEST_HEAD_REPO_BRANCH`

> [Full list of build environment variables provided by Appveyor][1]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Full list of build environment variables provided by AppVeyor][1]
```

- `BITBUCKET_BRANCH`
- `BITBUCKET_TAG`

[Full list of build environment variables provided by Bitbucket Pipelines][1]

[1]: https://support.atlassian.com/bitbucket-cloud/docs/variables-and-secrets/
{{% /tab %}}

> {{% tab "BuildKite" %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% tab "Buildkite" %}}
```

- `BUILDKITE_BRANCH`
- `BUILDKITE_TAG`

> [Full list of build environment variables provided by BuildKite][1]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Full list of build environment variables provided by Buildkite][1]
```
